SpreadsheetGear®
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING OR
INSTALLING THE SPREADSHEETGEAR SOFTWARE. This Software License Agreement
("Agreement") governs your use of the SpreadsheetGear Software. BY DOWNLOADING
OR INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
AGREEMENT, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU (I) ARE AUTHORIZED TO SIGN FOR AND
BIND YOURSELF AND ANY OTHER PARTY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU USE THE SOFTWARE (the
"Contracting Party") AND (II) AGREE FOR YOURSELF AND THE CONTRACTING PARTY TO BE
BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT, DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL THE SOFTWARE. YOU AGREE THAT THIS
AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU. IF
THE COPY OF THE SOFTWARE YOU RECEIVED WAS ACCOMPANIED BY A PRINTED OR OTHER FORM
OF "HARD-COPY" END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT WHOSE TERMS VARY FROM THIS AGREEMENT,
THEN THE HARD-COPY END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

1. Definitions.

(a) "Application" means any computer software that directly or indirectly
references one or more Redistributable Elements, including but not limited to
any end-user application, enterprise software, system software, web site or web
service.

(b) "Computer" means any compatible electronic device that accepts information
in digital or similar form and manipulates it for a specific result based on a
sequence of instructions.

(c) "Developer" means any person who is employed by, or under contract to you or
the Contracting Party who is creating or modifying any Source Code which is, or
which you currently intend to be part of any Application.

(d) "Licensed Developer" means any Developer, for whom you or the Contracting
Party have purchased, or otherwise legally obtained a valid license to Use the
Software.

(e) "Permitted Time Period" means one of the following: (1) perpetually, if and
so long as all of your or the Contracting Party’s Developers are Licensed
Developers, and (2) 30 days if you or the Contracting Party are evaluating the
Software.

(f) "Redistributable Elements" means the redistributable files
"SpreadsheetGear.dll", "SpreadsheetGear2023.dll",
"SpreadsheetGear2023.Core.dll", "SpreadsheetGear2023.Drawing.dll",
"SpreadsheetGear2023.Windows.Forms.dll",
"SpreadsheetGear2023.Windows.Forms.Integration.dll",
"SpreadsheetGear2023.Windows.Silverlight.dll" or
"SpreadsheetGear2023.Windows.WPF.dll" included with the Software.

(g) "Software" means all of the contents of the files, disks, CD-ROMs or other
media with which this Agreement is provided, including, without limitation,
SpreadsheetGear or third party computer information or software and related
explanatory written materials or files ("Documentation"); and upgrades, modified
versions, updates, additions, and copies of the Software, if any, licensed to
you by SpreadsheetGear (collectively, "Updates").

(h) "Source Code" means any sequence of statements or declarations written in
some human-readable computer programming language, including but not limited to
C\#, Visual Basic, F\#, ASP.NET, C++, C, J\#, Java, JSP, SQL, PHP, Perl, Python,
JavaScript, Ruby, Delphi or Pascal. Content, including text, graphics, data and
spreadsheets which are created or modified without the Use of the Software are
explicitly excluded.

(i) "SpreadsheetGear" means SpreadsheetGear, LLC, a Kansas limited liability
company, 15621 W 87th Street Pkwy \#315, Lenexa, Kansas 66219.

(j) "Use" or "Using" means to access, install, download, copy or otherwise
benefit from using the functionality of the Software in accordance with the
Documentation for the purposes of creating or modifying any Source Code that is
part of any Application.

(k) "Application User" means anyone who is not a Developer and who uses any
Application, including but not limited to employees, contractors, prospects,
clients and customers of the Contracting Party and the Contracting Party's
affiliates.

2. Software License. For the Permitted Time Period but subject to your and the
Contracting Party’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement, SpreadsheetGear
grants to you a non-exclusive license to Use the Software for the purposes
described in the Documentation.

(a) General Use. You may Use the Software on any number of primary Computers
provided that such primary Computers are accessed only by Licensed Developers.

(b) Backup Copy. You may make backup copies of the Software, provided your
backup copies are not Used on any Computer.

(c) Portable or Home Computer Use. In addition to Using the Software on primary
Computers, each Licensed Developer may Use the Software on either a portable
Computer or a Computer located at their home, provided the Software on the
portable or home Computer is Used only by that Licensed Developer.

(d) Redistribution. You or the Contracting Party may redistribute to any number
of Application Users one or more Redistributable Elements, without modification,
as part of any number of Applications, if you or the Contracting Party comply
with each of the following requirements: (1) each and every Developer who
creates or modifies any Source Code of any Application is a Licensed Developer,
(2) each and every Application adds substantial and primary functionality to the
Redistributable Elements, (3) further redistribution by your end users is not
permitted, (4) the Redistributable Elements are not redistributed as part of a
general purpose spreadsheet library, spreadsheet component, spreadsheet add-in
or spreadsheet application, (5) the Redistributable Elements are not
redistributed with any software that exposes an application programming
interface to any person who is not a Licensed Developer, and (6) the
Redistributable Elements are not redistributed with any software used to develop
software.

3. Support Services. Support services for the Software are available from
SpreadsheetGear, a description of which is available online at
www.spreadsheetgear.com. Your Use of any software, documentation, information,
or materials provided to you in conjunction with support services is subject to
this Agreement. SpreadsheetGear may use any software, documentation,
information, or materials you provide to SpreadsheetGear for improving current
support services and for developing future support service offerings and new
software products.

4. Intellectual Property Ownership, Copyright Protection. The Software and any
copies that you make are the intellectual property of and are owned by
SpreadsheetGear and its suppliers. The structure, organization and code of the
Software are the valuable trade secrets and confidential information of
SpreadsheetGear. The Software is protected by law including, without limitation,
the copyright laws of the United States and other countries, and by
international treaty provisions. Except as expressly stated herein, this
Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software
and SpreadsheetGear reserves all rights not expressly granted to you.

5. Restrictions.

(a) Notices. You may not copy the Software except as set forth in Section 2. Any
copy of the Software that you make must contain the same copyright and other
proprietary notices that appear on or in the Software.

(b) No Modifications. You may not modify, adapt or translate the Software. You
may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to
discover the source code of the Software.

(c) Transfer. You may not rent, lease, sublicense, assign or transfer your
rights in the Software, or authorize all or any portion of the Software to be
copied onto a third party’s Computer except as may be expressly permitted
herein.

6. Limited Warranty.

(a) SpreadsheetGear warrants to you or the Contracting Party that the Software
will perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation for the 90-day
period following your receipt and installation of the Software when Used on the
recommended operating system and hardware configuration. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY
DOES NOT APPLY TO PREVIOUSLY OWNED, BETA, RELEASE CANDIDATE, OR EVALUATION
COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE OR TO SUPPORT SERVICES. You must make your warranty
claim, and provide proof of purchase, within the 90-day warranty period. If the
Software does not perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation,
the entire liability of SpreadsheetGear and your exclusive remedy is limited to,
at SpreadsheetGear’s option, either the replacement of the Software or the
refund of the license fee you paid for the Software.

(b) THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY IS THE ONLY WARRANTY MADE BY SPREADSHEETGEAR
AND STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR SPREADSHEETGEAR’S BREACH OF
WARRANTY. PREVIOUSLY OWNED, BETA, RELEASE CANDIDATE, OR EVALUATION COPIES OF THE
SOFTWARE AND SUPPORT SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS. EXCEPT FOR
ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERM TO THE EXTENT TO WHICH THE SAME
CANNOT OR MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW APPLICABLE TO YOU IN YOUR
JURISDICTION, SPREADSHEETGEAR MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS,
REPRESENTATIONS, OR TERMS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WHETHER BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW,
CUSTOM, USAGE OR OTHERWISE) AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
PERFORMANCE, SECURITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, INTEGRATION,
MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SET FORTH ABOVE, IN
NO EVENT WILL SPREADSHEETGEAR BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR
COSTS WHATSOEVER OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST
PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF A SPREADSHEETGEAR REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS OR FOR ANY
CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS APPLY TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN YOUR JURISDICTION. SPREADSHEETGEAR’S
AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE
AMOUNT PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE.

8. Survival. The provisions of Sections 4, 5, 6, 7 and 9 survive the termination
of this Agreement, but this survival does not imply or create any continued
right to Use the Software, or redistribute or use any Application after
termination of this Agreement.

9. Indemnity. You agree to defend and indemnify SpreadsheetGear and its agents,
representatives, successors and assigns from and against all claims,
liabilities, obligations, judgments, causes of actions, costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of your Use of the Software,
or redistribution or use of any Application.

10. Export Rules. You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred
or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United
States Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended, or any other United States
or state export law, regulation, rule, or policy (collectively the "Export
Laws"). In addition, if the Software is identified as an export controlled item
under the Export Laws, you represent and warrant that you are not a citizen, or
otherwise located within, an embargoed nation (including, without limitation
Iran, Syria, Northern Sudan, Cuba, and North Korea), you are not on the U.S.
Treasury Department's list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons
and that you are not otherwise prohibited under the Export Laws from receiving
the Software without a license or the satisfaction of any other requirement of
the Export Laws. The grant of rights to Use the Software is conditioned upon
your or the Contracting Party’s forfeiture of such rights if you or the
Contracting Party fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

11. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Kansas. This Agreement will
not be governed by the conflict of law rules of any jurisdiction or the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the
application of which is expressly excluded.

12. General Provisions. If any part of this Agreement is found void and
unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of this Agreement,
which will remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. This Agreement
will not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. A
written agreement signed by an authorized officer of SpreadsheetGear is the only
way to modify this Agreement. SpreadsheetGear may license Updates to you with
additional or different terms. This is the entire agreement between
SpreadsheetGear and you or the Contracting Party relating to the Software and it
supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings, communications
or advertising relating to the Software.

13. Notice to U.S. Government End Users. The Software and Documentation are
"Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of
"Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation,"
as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as
applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 through
227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial
Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users
(a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to
all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States are
reserved to SpreadsheetGear.

14. Compliance with Agreement.

(a) This Agreement, including your right to Use the Software and your right to
redistribute or use any Application, will terminate immediately, without notice
from SpreadsheetGear if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Upon termination, you agree to destroy all copies of the Software and
to immediately stop redistribution or use of any and all Applications. This is
in addition to any criminal, civil or other remedies.

(b) SpreadsheetGear reserves the right to request a written statement of
compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and you or the Contracting Party
must conduct an audit and comply with the request within 30 days.

SpreadsheetGear® is a registered trademark of SpreadsheetGear LLC.

Copyright © 2019, SpreadsheetGear LLC. All Rights Reserved.
